Bonnie and honesty is the audience
comes to look at it is on and on and on
closed circuit inside view canvas country
what happens
so there are no apologies like on the
drove my leak
rest had a very good learning school
is as a young rider for flexibility
steering course insight
each perfect ingredients to be good at
the ordinary can be found on the track
the highly technical jobs 166 meters it
very quickly
very fast turns this is so I would
I don't really hurt myself
many very many never sleep much
to sleep
mass that little bit on the hollow
as much rest as possible because it is about one
hand of the ride my assume he 's
night at night while at night
abnormal for example on the road or one
day we get if we go normally
train that in the morning
somewhere a total opposite
rhythm you have to get used to it
one actually punishes by the six-day
bit and go there just to live
but the preparation on behalf of the day
tour of course handheld from her
awake
very much shorter much more intensive very
many sprints
you yourself are constantly at some
up to their limits and then into that
very short intensive competition
Today two wires to get far
good on
the game
so find it
i'm not getting started when imac cools
and me there
I usually came through soon after
noon I am together with the cyclist
to get
check all cleaning cube
possibly new so hit me then I put
the pitching ready for the boys that
possibly want to run and then 8 again
occasionally not everyone happens then
we do not know in advance
Then you start the evening program
finally pay attention continuously if nothing
must happen in the match between in
you also change a number of wheels
Example of a job round or a 500
meter out to prop another gear
in closed wheel
so actually the riders must constantly
keep it dry and off the slopes
come as the direction and brakes
if you assume you are
means further in a waste there
a woman falling
then whole we here i am around 150
meters of x less are no longer
and I am always from an 850 kilometer
indeed a gentleman here comes over
with 4500 laps for the weather
how